h1. Jekyll Fork

By James A. Overton

This is a fork of "Jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll that allows you to use any templating system supported by "Tilt":https://github.com/rtomayko/tilt for your layouts. 

I especially like "Slim":http://slim-lang.com. Add the "slim_converter.rb":https://gist.github.com/1314003 to your @_plugins@ and then you can have @_layouts/default.slim@:

<pre>
---
---
doctype html
html
  head
    title = site.title + " - " + page.title
  body
    .content
      == content
</pre>

OR use @_layouts/default.haml@:

<pre>
---
---
%doctype html
%html
  %head
    %title= site.title + " - " + page.title
  %body
    .content
      = content
</pre>

BUT each layout template should have a unique name! So don't use both @default.slim@ and @default.haml@.

Mixing different templating systems for different layout templates seems to work. Liquid layout templates ending in ".html" are processed just as before, without Tilt.


h2. About Jekyll

By Tom Preston-Werner, Nick Quaranto, and many awesome contributors!

Jekyll is a simple, blog aware, static site generator. It takes a template directory (representing the raw form of a website), runs it through Textile or Markdown and Liquid converters, and spits out a complete, static website suitable for serving with Apache or your favorite web server. This is also the engine behind "GitHub Pages":http://pages.github.com, which you can use to host your project's page or blog right here from GitHub.

See "https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll for information about installing and configuring Jekyll.


h2. Runtime Dependencies

* RedCloth: Textile support (Ruby)
* Liquid: Templating system (Ruby)
* Classifier: Generating related posts (Ruby)
* Maruku: Default markdown engine (Ruby)
* Directory Watcher: Auto-regeneration of sites (Ruby)
* Pygments: Syntax highlighting (Python)
* "Tilt":https://github.com/rtomayko/tilt: General templating (Ruby)
* "Slim":http://slim-lang.com: Elegant HTML templates (Ruby)


h2. Developer Dependencies

* Shoulda: Test framework (Ruby)
* RR: Mocking (Ruby)
* RedGreen: Nicer test output (Ruby)
* RDiscount: Discount Markdown Processor (Ruby)


h2. License

See LICENSE.
